README.md, before:

<div align="center">

# <NAME>

<DESCRIPTION>

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)
[![Docs](https://img.shields.io/docsrs/<NAME>)](https://docs.rs/<NAME>)
[![Language Checks](https://github.com/hack-ink/<NAME>/actions/workflows/language.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/hack-ink/<NAME>/actions/workflows/language.yml)
[![Release](https://github.com/hack-ink/<NAME>/actions/workflows/release.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/hack-ink/<NAME>/actions/workflows/release.yml)
[![GitHub tag (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/tag/hack-ink/<NAME>)](https://github.com/hack-ink/<NAME>/tags)
[![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/hack-ink/<NAME>?color=red&style=plastic)](https://github.com/hack-ink/<NAME>)
[![GitHub code lines](https://tokei.rs/b1/github/hack-ink/<NAME>)](https://github.com/hack-ink/<NAME>)

</div>

## Feature Highlights

### TODO

TODO

## Status

TODO

## Usage

### Installation

#### Build from Source

```sh
# Clone the repository.
git clone https://github.com/hack-ink/<NAME>
cd <NAME>

# To install Rust on macOS and Unix, run the following command.
#
# To install Rust on Windows, download and run the installer from `https://rustup.rs`.
curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://sh.rustup.rs | sh -s -- --default-toolchain stable

# Install the necessary dependencies. (Unix only)
# Using Ubuntu as an example, this really depends on your distribution.
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install <DEPENDENCIES>

# Build the project, and the binary will be available at `target/release/<NAME>`.
cargo build --release

# If you are a macOS user and want to have a `<NAME>.app`, run the following command.
# Install `cargo-bundle` to pack the binary into an app.
cargo install cargo-bundle
# Pack the app, and the it will be available at `target/release/bundle/osx/<NAME>.app`.
cargo bundle --release
```

#### Download Pre-built Binary

- **macOS**
    - Download the latest pre-built binary from [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/hack-ink/<NAME>/releases/latest).
- **Windows**
    - TODO
- **Unix**
    - TODO

### Configuration

#### TODO

TODO

### Interaction

TODO

### Update

TODO

## Development

### Architecture

TODO

## Support Me

If you find this project helpful and would like to support its development, you can buy me a coffee!

Your support is greatly appreciated and motivates me to keep improving this project.

- **Fiat**
    - [Ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/hack_ink)
    - [爱发电](https://afdian.com/a/hack_ink)
- **Crypto**
    - **Bitcoin**
        - `bc1pedlrf67ss52md29qqkzr2avma6ghyrt4jx9ecp9457qsl75x247sqcp43c`
    - **Ethereum**
        - `0x3e25247CfF03F99a7D83b28F207112234feE73a6`
    - **Polkadot**
        - `156HGo9setPcU2qhFMVWLkcmtCEGySLwNqa3DaEiYSWtte4Y`

Thank you for your support!

## Appreciation

We would like to extend our heartfelt gratitude to the following projects and contributors:

- The Rust community for their continuous support and development of the Rust ecosystem.

## Additional Acknowledgements

- TODO

<div align="right">

### License

<sup>Licensed under [GPL-3.0](LICENSE).</sup>

</div>

Commit message:

{"schema":"cmsg/1","type":"chore","scope":"template","summary":"Replace name/description placeholders","intent":"Normalize repo to placeholder identifiers","impact":"Renames crate and updates docs, workflows, and messages","breaking":true,"risk":"medium","refs":[]}

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

# name_placeholder

description_placeholder

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)
[![Docs](https://img.shields.io/docsrs/name_placeholder)](https://docs.rs/name_placeholder)
[![Language Checks](https://github.com/hack-ink/name_placeholder/actions/workflows/language.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/hack-ink/name_placeholder/actions/workflows/language.yml)
[![Release](https://github.com/hack-ink/name_placeholder/actions/workflows/release.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/hack-ink/name_placeholder/actions/workflows/release.yml)
[![GitHub tag (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/tag/hack-ink/name_placeholder)](https://github.com/hack-ink/name_placeholder/tags)
[![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/hack-ink/name_placeholder?color=red&style=plastic)](https://github.com/hack-ink/name_placeholder)
[![GitHub code lines](https://tokei.rs/b1/github/hack-ink/name_placeholder)](https://github.com/hack-ink/name_placeholder)

</div>

## Feature Highlights

### TODO

TODO

## Status

TODO

## Usage

### Installation

#### Build from Source

```sh
# Clone the repository.
git clone https://github.com/hack-ink/name_placeholder
cd name_placeholder

# To install Rust on macOS and Unix, run the following command.
#
# To install Rust on Windows, download and run the installer from `https://rustup.rs`.
curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://sh.rustup.rs | sh -s -- --default-toolchain stable

# Install the necessary dependencies. (Unix only)
# Using Ubuntu as an example, this really depends on your distribution.
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install <DEPENDENCIES>

# Build the project, and the binary will be available at `target/release/name_placeholder`.
cargo build --release

# If you are a macOS user and want to have a `name_placeholder.app`, run the following command.
# Install `cargo-bundle` to pack the binary into an app.
cargo install cargo-bundle
# Pack the app, and the it will be available at `target/release/bundle/osx/name_placeholder.app`.
cargo bundle --release
```

#### Download Pre-built Binary

- **macOS**
    - Download the latest pre-built binary from [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/hack-ink/name_placeholder/releases/latest).
- **Windows**
    - TODO
- **Unix**
    - TODO

### Configuration

#### TODO

TODO

### Interaction

TODO

### Update

TODO

## Development

### Architecture

TODO

## Support Me

If you find this project helpful and would like to support its development, you can buy me a coffee!

Your support is greatly appreciated and motivates me to keep improving this project.

- **Fiat**
    - [Ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/hack_ink)
    - [Afdian](https://afdian.com/a/hack_ink)
- **Crypto**
    - **Bitcoin**
        - `bc1pedlrf67ss52md29qqkzr2avma6ghyrt4jx9ecp9457qsl75x247sqcp43c`
    - **Ethereum**
        - `0x3e25247CfF03F99a7D83b28F207112234feE73a6`
    - **Polkadot**
        - `156HGo9setPcU2qhFMVWLkcmtCEGySLwNqa3DaEiYSWtte4Y`

Thank you for your support!

## Appreciation

We would like to extend our heartfelt gratitude to the following projects and contributors:

- The Rust community for their continuous support and development of the Rust ecosystem.

## Additional Acknowledgements

- TODO

<div align="right">

### License

<sup>Licensed under [GPL-3.0](LICENSE).</sup>

</div>
